something really exciting came in the
mail I got my very first bread machine
so I guess after homeschooling for a
decade I'm officially a homeschool mom
maybe cuz I finally got a bread machine
in the mail this was a bread machine
that we had featured over on free
homeschool deals last week and it was
50% off on Amazon and I thought my
goodness getting a decent sized bread
machine I believe it's supposed to do up
to two two pounds a two pound loaf and
it was forty seven dollars so I let
myself do it I've never had one I've
never even used a bread machine but of
course I've heard stories about it so
I'm gonna do an unboxing here and we'll
see what I got some packing paper of
course oh this is something I ordered
with my bread machine and I read really
good reviews on it it's called the bread
lovers bread machine cookbook and of
course for my viewers who are doing trim
healthy mama along with me there's not
going to be too terribly much that I can
do but I might be able to make homemade
Ezekiel bread in this bread machine so
that would be fabulous and we'll just
learn and find out together so I got
this I think it was $12 supposed to have
over 300 recipes and my mad scientist
goal is to also train children and how
to make bread because they could just
make us a loaf a day or two or three and
then this I'm not too sure what I need
it again brand new for me but lovely
Amazon told me that I would need this
so along with my bread machine I got the
book and the nice I thought that would
be a good start so this is quick rise
yeast for bread machines and traditional
thank you again I'm clueless I have no
idea but maybe that'll work for us
bubble wrap kids will love that and then
hey Zion since I have the baby on me can
you help me and come over here
oh and zines got a scrap t-shirt on
scrap di homeschool and minecraft or big
scrap depends go ahead and pick that up
and set it on the table for me this will
be a box the little kids can play in
what is in the air okay
thank you Lord for scissors Dynamix you
just have to have you pull it out for me
again it's called a bread man to pound
horizontal bread maker on the table so
they can see the picture okay
pictures of bread on here looks lovely
it says mix bread from scratch in one
easy step well I like that 13 hour
display time delay timer let you wake up
to fresh bread that would be great crust
color selection looks like we can choose
from light medium and dark audible beat
for fruit and nut add-ins
three horizontal love sizes so we can do
a pound a pound and a half or two pound
eight functions basic rapid cycle whole
wheat sweet French quick bread dough and
bake only one hour keep warm recipes
included well for forty seven dollars I
am thrilled this was a bread machine
that was closer to a hundred
besides that markdown now in the
description below there will be a link
to the book and the yeast and the bread
machine
anything else I think might be important
and let me know if you here's the little
instruction guide bread man instruction
manual and recipe guide if you already
make bread and you are so experienced at
this or believe me anyone who's opened a
box and at least plugged a bread machine
in has more experience than I do so
please chat it up in the comments and
tell me what I should do professor Stein
would okay sign your my hefty lifter
just put it you know what just put the
whole bag on the table sweetie and all
those in the back okay Wow my $47 a fun
continues so here's what it looks like
coming out of its wrapper inside Jan us
showing what the inside looks like so
I've got some little loaf attachments
for it there and I bet this week we will
fire this puppy up and get it figured
out so that is our bread man unboxing
and it's icy up here it looks like if I
you can get this Jayden it has basic
fast baked French whole-wheat sweet
quick bread dough and bake only program
button has a start and stop switch
that's where I choose the crust color
and I imagine that's where I'll choose
my loop size and a timer so we are gonna
have a whole lot of fun with this and
again this is that what was it called
bread man two-pound horizontal bread
maker well so educate me in the comments
below let me know what I should do what
I need next all I have so far is this
little thing of yeast and I don't think
I can get too far with that and also let
me know if you've made easy
you'll bread homemade and how that has
worked in the bread machine because
obviously doing trim healthy mama I eat
a lot of Ezekiel bread and my husband
likes it also so that would be super if
somehow it works with this and if not
the kids will have fun making their own
bread also so talk to us in the comments
bye bye
you